chore: Add op-viem warning to sdk (#9244)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: packages/sdk/README.md

The `@eth-optimism/sdk` package provides a set of tools for interacting with Optimism.

## Warning!!!

> `@eth-optimism/sdk` has been supersceded by `op-viem`. For most developers we suggest you migrate to [viem](https://viem.sh/op-stack) which has native built in op-stack support built in. It also has additional benifits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@eth-optimism/sdk` has been superseded by `op-viem`. For most developers we suggest you migrate to [viem](https://viem.sh/op-stack) which has native op-stack support built in. It also has additional benefits.
```
